# ARM-system-on-module-SOM
As a supplier of ARM platform development board technology solution, Shenzhen Graperain Technology Co., Ltd, also a specialized System On Module Single Board Computer Manufacturers, dedicated to development, production and value-added service of software and hardware in embedded area when it was founded. Based on 32-bit ARM processor which is widely used in embedded industry, Graperain streamlined circuit design, control hardware cost strictly and combine operating systems like WinCE, Linux, ubuntu, Android to release excellent solutions for factories and R & D institutions. https://www.graperain.com
Focused on Samsung embedded ARM development platform, with processors such as S3C2416, S3C2450, S3C6410, S3C6440, S5PC100, S5PC110, S5PV210, Exynos4412 etc., clients can customize professional solutions, including hardware platform design(Schematic and PCB design), operating system customization, driver and application software development etc.. Customized development boards are widely used in industry, finance, airport, customs, police, hospital, home smart, education, consumer electronics etc.. https://www.graperain.com/Embedded-Hardware-Design/
With rich experience in development board industry, technical strength, good internal management practices, professional engineers, global souring, procurement network, Graperain provides professional, excellent, fast pre-sales, after-sales service and technical support. Many mainland customers in China have been good partners with us. Customers can reply us on technology and the complete whole application solution. It can save a lot of time and cost when entering a new market to seize the business opportunity. 
Mission: To help customers to be more successful, help employees progress.
Business guideline: Customer’s requirement is power. Customer’s profit is center.   
Target: To create win-win business success.
A system on a module (SOM) is a Board level circuit that integrates a system function in a single module. Shenzhen Graperain Technology Co., Ltd. have spend many years in Samsung and Qualcomm chipset system on module, such as Samsung S5PV210, Samsung Exynos4412, Samsung S5P4418, S5P6818, and Qualcom MSM8916. The engineers design the schematic diagram and product of these system on modules.
These system on module could be used in products directly, just design a carrier board and pin out its functions. The company could provide this design service for the carrier board efficiently from the engineers who designed the SOM. Now these Samsung SOM and Qualcomm SOM have been proved well in market for last two years. And the clients have used them in POS, PDA, PND, smart home, phone, learning machine, game machine and other kinds of industrial control filed. https://www.graperain.com/ARM-Embedded-System-On-Module/ 
Following is the company SOM list in selling: 
--G4418 System on Module ( G4418 SOM ) on Samsung S5P4418 
( ARM Cortex- A9@ 1.4GHz Quad Core ) 
--G6818 System on Module ( G6818 SOM ) on Samsung S5P6818   https://www.graperain.com/ARM-Embedded-S5P6818-System-On-Module/ 
( ARM Cortex- A53@ 1.6GHz Octa Core ) 
--G8916 System on Module ( G8916 SOM ) on Qualcomm MSM8916 (410) 
( ARM Cortex- A9@ 1.2GHz Quad Core ) 
--G3288 System on Module ( G3288 SOM ) on Rockchip3288 ( RK3288 ) 
( ARM Cortex- A9@ 1.2GHz Quad Core )

A single board computer (SBC) is a complete computer built on a single circuit board, with microprocessor, memory, input/output(I/O) and other features required of a functional computer. Single board computers were made as demonstration or development systems, for educational systems, or for use as embedded computer controllers. Many types of home computer or portable computer integrated all their functions onto a single printed circuit board.  https://www.graperain.com/ARM-Single-Board-Computer/
Graperain Embedded Industrial SBC Single Board Computer is 8-layer design which makes it more stable. As full as most wanted expansions, the single board computer can be used as final product directly, short time to market. Unlike traditional SBC, Graperain have 32 bit and 64 bit processor, such as Samsung S5P4418(Cortex-A9), S5P6818(Cortex-A53), RK3288(Cortex-A17, coming soon) and other arm single board computer Linux and Android design boards. With it’s full featured I/O, Graperain embedded SBC can be used in a full range of applications, game machines, education board, kiosk etc. In addition of SBC, Graperain offer more services like, custom SBC development, review for custom-design schematic, system engineering tech support, Android, Linux + qt, Ubuntu developing etc, more than you can imagine. 
